
Search...
Submit
Sex Positions Guide
All Sex Positions (518)
Randomizer
Kamasutra
Blog
English - current language
Español - Posiciones sexuales
Português - Posições de sexo
Skip to content
SexPositions.Club 
Home
All Sex Positions List - Full Chart (+ Pics, Names & Numbers)
All Sex Positions Chart - Full List 

When we talk about adding a little spice to your sex life, the first thing that comes to mind is trying out different sex positions. And let me tell you, it’s absolutely spot-on! Not only is it the easiest way to mix things up, but it won’t cost you a dime!)

Hey there, my friend! This is Mika Miro, and you’ve landed yourself in the biggest catalog of sex positions out there (no exaggeration).

So, are you ready to explore an array of mind-blowing positions that will take your sex experience to new heights?

Let’s dive in!

We’ve got a massive list of 475+ sex positions, and every single one is accompanied by a number, name, and picture.

Different types of sex positions
Also to make navigation a breeze, we’ve categorized all the sex positions into the following categories:

Position type: 69 sex position anal sex blowjob anilingus cowgirl criss cross cunnilingus
doggy style face to face from behind kneeling lying down man on top oral sex reverse right angle sideways sitting standing woman on top
Stimulation: A-spot clitoral G-spot neutral Deep spot
Penetration: deep middle shallow no penetration
Add petting: anal play breast kissing breasts touching feet kissing hand clitoris stimulation grabbing her ass hugging kissing
Location: armchair ball bed chair sofa table car shower
Activity: man active woman active
Complexity: crazy easy hard medium
Extra: lesbian
More: Sex Positions GuideRandomizer
So you’ll have no trouble finding the perfect position to ignite your passion and explore new depths of pleasure.

A few words about this catalog:

The main idea: was to collect all sex positions in one place.
Sources: the internet (blogs, tutorials, sex guides, porn, etc).
Important to understand! Since the main goal was to gather all sex positions, in our chart you can find absolutely different positions: popular, unusual, weird, stupid and even crazy.

So before you try anything from our list, soberly assess your and your partner’s capabilities.

Now, let’s confidently dive into our list.

Control Ejaculation. Satisfy Her 100% And Cum When YOU Want >>>
Position 518. Fireman
Be carefulSex position #518 - Fireman (on the chair). (anal sex, doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
052
This a bit acrobatic pose is designed for fans of new sensations. Initially, you may find this position to be quite awkward. But it really works for both...
Learn More »
Position 517. Woven rose
Be carefulSex position #517 - Woven rose (on the bed). (right angle, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
013.8k.
A woman’s like a rose. If you treat her right, she’ll bloom. Most roses have stems lined with thorns, but they tend to disappear when the gardener...
Learn More »
Position 516. Pussy licking
SafeSex position #516 - Pussy licking (on the sofa). (oral sex, cunnilingus, lying down). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
052.1k.
Get on your knees and be prepared to worship your woman as she takes command of her erotic powers and control over every sinful sensation....
Learn More »
Position 515. Crazy train
Be carefulSex position #515 - Crazy train (on the couch). (anal sex, doggy style, from behind, rear entry). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
064.7k.
Mirror can bring an incredibly sexy element into the bedroom exercises. Get extra pleasure watching all the action. The woman lies on the backrest of the...
Learn More »
Position 514. Special fellatio
Be carefulSex position #514 - Special fellatio (on the chair). (oral sex, blowjob, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
092.6k.
Who was a good boy throughout the day? If it was your man, give him some encouraging tips, as he deserved them. The woman lies on her upper back across the chair....
Learn More »
Position 513. Wheelbarrow – 2
Be carefulSex position #513 - Wheelbarrow - 2 (on the bed). (from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0109k.
The woman lies on her belly on the corner of the bed, bends her elbows and spreads them her palms down. The man stands behind her, takes her buttocks with...
Learn More »
Position 512. Venus flytrap
SafeSex position #512 - Venus flytrap (on the sofa). (oral sex, cunnilingus, from behind). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0116k.
Woman’s vagina is a mysterious, beautiful flower, like a Venus flytrap, whose provocative aphrodisiac scent attracts men. The woman lies on her upper...
Learn More »
Position 511. Donkey punch
DangerousSex position #511 - Donkey punch (on the couch). (anal sex, doggy style, from behind, man on top, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1146k.
Of course, lovers’ sexual fantasies are limitless, but do not forget about comfort and convenience, while performing the craziest positions....
Learn More »
Position 510. Dream
SafeSex position #510 - Dream (on the chair). (anal sex, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0126k.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. If we are talking about sex, the possibilities are endless, so follow your dreams....
Learn More »
Position 509. Tea bag – 2
Be carefulSex position #509 - Tea bag - 2 (on the bed). (oral sex, blowjob, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0142k.
It’s easy to give his penis all the loving, but don’t leave his testicles out in the cold. The Tea bag – 2 is another sex position to...
Learn More »
Position 508. Houdini
DangerousSex position #508 - Houdini (on the bed). (from behind, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1106k.
You do not need to be a famous illusionist or wizard to satisfy your partner. Just listen to your heart and read the body language. That’...
Learn More »
Position 507. Butler
DangerousSex position #507 - Butler (on the couch). (anal play, clitoral stimulation, cunnilingus, from behind, hard level, man active, oral sex, sofa, without penetration)
0126k.
This position seems a bit weird for oral sex, but it can be fun for both partners. It really leaves woman in control and allows man to sit back and chill...
Learn More »
Position 506. Crazy monkey
DangerousSex position #506 - Crazy monkey (on the couch). (man on top, reverse, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0130k.
This position is rather complicated, so to listen to your own feelings and do not risk, if you are not sure in your abilities. The woman lies on the couch...
Learn More »
Position 505. Weird fantasy
Be carefulSex position #505 - Weird fantasy (on the chair). (oral sex, cunnilingus, standing, from behind). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0128k.
If you have a sexual fantasy, why not to make it your new erotic reality? If there is none, use this exotica position for oral sex. The woman gets on her...
Learn More »
Position 504. Breeze
SafeSex position #504 - Breeze (on the bed). (anal sex, from behind, right angle, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0140k.
Imagine having sex by the sea, listen to your partner’s breathing and enjoy every moment you spend together. The Breeze sex position is perfect for...
Learn More »
Position 503. Insatiable clitoris
Be carefulSex position #503 - Insatiable clitoris (on the sofa). (oral sex, cunnilingus, woman on top). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0134k.
Excellent sex position if the woman wants to feel in control of oral sex, and the man partner wants to feel a little submissive. The man lies on his back...
Learn More »
Position 502. Khaleesi
Be carefulSex position #502 - Khaleesi (on the couch). (cowgirl, woman on top, from behind). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1128k.
Sometimes men like to be dominated. That’s the reason why the woman-on-top is one of men’s all-time favorite sex positions. The girls adore it, because...
Learn More »
Position 501. Curiosity
Be carefulSex position #501 - Curiosity (on the chair). (oral sex, blowjob, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0118k.
It is widely known, curiosity kills the cat. But this hot position is a chance for you and your partner to indulge in oral sex fantasies that you’...
Learn More »
Position 500. Anna
SafeSex position #500 - Anna (on the bed). (woman on top, criss cross, sitting). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0139k.
This awesome and thrilling position is a twist on traditional woman on top pose. It offers the woman more gratification as it lets her feel close to her...
Learn More »
Position 499. Pearl
Be carefulSex position #499 - Pearl (on the sofa). (oral sex, cunnilingus). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0125k.
Amazing position to spin your woman in a whirlwind of bright emotions, to bring her to the bliss with an unpredictable culmination. The man gets on his...
Learn More »
Position 498. Crazy doggy
DangerousSex position #498 - Crazy doggy (on the couch). (doggy style, from behind, rear entry, reverse, kneeling). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1150k.
Compared to men, women need more time to reach orgasm. Be patient, in case you have chosen such a complicated position. It’s a new variation of super-duper Doggy....
Learn More »
Position 497. Tantra chair
SafeSex position #497 - Tantra chair. (woman on top, face to face, sitting). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0169k.
Tantra is an ancient, yet vibrant spiritual science. Tantra chair position is an amazing position to reconnect with your partner and a sure-fire way to...
Learn More »
Position 496. Doggy on the edge – 2
SafeSex position #496 - Doggy on the edge - 2 (on the bed). (anal sex, doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1152k.
It is a naughty two-player move that allows for deep and lustrous penetration. In addition, if watching gets you off, there is no sexier position than...
Learn More »
Position 495. Ghetto
SafeSex position #495 - Ghetto (on the sofa). (oral sex, cunnilingus, from behind, kneeling). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0155k.
The best orgasms, without a doubt, come after a long, sensual oral session. This position is not only for cunnilingus but for a rim job as well, if girl...
Learn More »
Position 494. Twerk on dick
SafeSex position #494 - Twerk on dick (on the couch). (cowgirl, woman on top, face to face). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0181k.
Men are fascinated with women’s butts. They feel electricity inside and are getting aroused witnessing the girl bouncing her butt all over the penis....
Learn More »
Position 490. Snake charmer
SafeSex position #490 - Snake charmer (on the chair). (oral sex, blowjob, kneeling). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
8258k.
In India, snake charmers hypnotize snakes by playing and waving around an instrument. Hypnotize your man and make him wild with an incredible blowjob....
Learn More »
Position 489. Chibi
SafeSex position #489 - Chibi (on the bed). (face down, anal sex, doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
8337k.
It is a pleasurable upgrade of the celebrated Doggy style. For the girl, it’s a chance just to enjoy the action, which includes an opportunity for...
Learn More »
Position 488. Hot carl
SafeSex position #488 - Hot carl (on the couch). (oral sex, cunnilingus). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
2226k.
Kissing can be a super hot prelude to sex, but kissing your lady’s vagina will delight your female partner and make her shiver of pleasure....
Learn More »
Position 487. Apex
DangerousSex position #487 - Apex (on the chair). (from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1300k.
A new location can encourage a couple to be naughtier, perhaps even tapping some desires that aren’t always explored. To perform the Apex sex position...
Learn More »
Position 486. Source
SafeSex position #486 - Source (on the bed). (oral sex, blowjob, kneeling). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1200k.
Guys say, there’s no such thing as a bad blowjob sex position. Oral sex is essential for a truly fantastic sex life. This is an awesome position for maximizing...
Learn More »
Position 485. Descent
SafeSex position #485 - Descent (on the sofa). (anal sex, from behind, right angle, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1217k.
It is the quick-road-to-orgasm sex position. It is perfect for “let’s do it quickly” sex or when you are staying out. The woman sits on the...
Learn More »
Position 484. Licking master
SafeSex position #484 - Licking master (on the chair). (oral sex, cunnilingus, sitting,). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
4231k.
Great oral sex can send a woman to the seventh heaven. It’s fun to mix up oral sex and create a new position that adds a whole new perspective to tongue work....
Learn More »
Position 483. Catapult
SafeSex position #483 - Catapult (on the bed). (anal sex, right angle, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1227k.
Like precise shots, the man’s thrusts aim their target and bring his lover to back-arching and screaming orgasm. The woman lies on her back on the edge...
Learn More »
Position 482. Stickman
SafeSex position #482 - Stickman (on the couch). (anal sex, doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0204k.
In this stunning position, the man is in control. Tre woman is trapped to follow his instructions. The female partner leans her upper body forward, rests...
Learn More »
Position 481. New 69 on the chair
DangerousSex position #481 - New 69 on the chair. (69 sex position, oral sex). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1166k.
The 69 sex position is one of the most exciting ways to give and receive oral sex. Try its brand new variation to feel ground-shaking orgasm....
Learn More »
Position 480. Juicy ass
DangerousSex position #480 - Juicy ass (on the bed). (doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0167k.
Plenty of men are obsessed with female’s butts. If you are a butt guy as well, enjoy the marvelous view, having sex in this pleasurable sex position....
Learn More »
Position 479. Ladies’ man
SafeSex position #479 - Ladies' man (on the sofa). (oral sex, cunnilingus, sitting). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0151k.
Women are not hard to please with nice pussy licking. The woman sits on the armrest of the sofa, bends her legs at the knees and spreads her hips wide apart....
Learn More »
Position 478. Exciting game
Be carefulSex position #478 - Exciting game (on the chair). (doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1147k.
Even if you have an excellent relationship, day-to-day hassles might make sex less of a priority. To the rescue: try the Exciting Game sex position to...
Learn More »
Position 477. Tea bag
Be carefulSex position #477 - Tea bag (on the bed). (oral sex, blowjob, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
7190k.
In a surprising twist the penis is not the only erogenous zone on a man. While he’d like to think that it’s his biggest sex organ, stimulate his scrotum...
Learn More »
Position 476. Harp
DangerousSex position #476 - Harp (on the couch). (right angle, kneeling). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1158k.
Play your woman’s body like the harp. In this position, the male partner will be able to penetrate the woman’s vagina as deep as possible and stroke her...
Learn More »
Position 475. Funny joke
Be carefulSex position #475 - Funny joke (on the chair). (oral sex, cunnilingus, kneeling, from behind). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
2153k.
Have you ever tried to have oral sex in the chair? In case, your answer is “No”, this hot position is for you. The woman gets on four limbs across the...
Learn More »
Position 474. Slope
SafeSex position #474 - Slope (on the bed). (right angle, kneeling). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0156k.
During crazy lovemaking, partners release so much energy that it would be enough to light the entire city. The woman lies down with her buttocks on the...
Learn More »
Position 473. Loop
DangerousSex position #473 - Loop. (oral sex, blowjob, lying down). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1166k.
It is maybe the most challenging position to do the blowjob. It is designed to give men heaven pleasure for two reasons: it gives him a great view and...
Learn More »
Position 472. Pinwheel
DangerousSex position #472 - Pinwheel (on the sofa). (doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1153k.
Sometimes woman’s “I’m tired” really means that she is tired. However, even if your sweetheart is exhausted to death, find the right position to have sex....
Learn More »
Position 471. Gimlet
SafeSex position #471 - Gimlet (on the couch). (anal sex, from behind, rear entry, right angle). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1182k.
There are a variety of sex positions which allow the man to penetrate his partner deeply. The Gimlet is one of them. The female partner lies on the sofa...
Learn More »
Position 470. Relaxation
Be carefulSex position #470 - Relaxation (on the chair). (anal sex, woman on top, from behind, sitting). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0171k.
In this position, the woman will not be able to relax completely, but it is still an orgasm-inducing pose to get her grind on. The man sits in a chair...
Learn More »
Position 469. Tight pussy
Be carefulSex position #469 - Tight pussy. (reverse, lying down). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
0207k.
Do you feel like you’re not quite reaching that spot, or it’s hard to help your partner orgasm during sex? Then try the Tight Pussy position to get more...
Learn More »
Position 468. Niagara falls
DangerousSex position #468 - Niagara falls. (oral sex, blowjob, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1138k.
Obviously, Niagara Falls are the most famous falls in the world, while the Niagara falls sex position is almost unknown, since it requires crazy acrobatics...
Learn More »
Position 467. Rocket
Be carefulSex position #467 - Rocket (on the couch). (cowgirl, woman on top). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
1152k.
Use this amazing woman on top sex position to have more powerful orgasms during sex and watch your man becomes sexually addicted to you....
Learn More »
Position 466. Satyr
DangerousSex position #466 - Satyr (on the chair). (doggy style, from behind, rear entry, standing). Kamasutra - Photo, picture, image
4135k.
In Greek mythology a satyr is a male nature spirit with exaggerated erection. They had insatiable sexual appetites and often sought to seduce both nymphs...
Learn More »
Posts pagination
1 2 … 11 Next
Tips for trying new sex positions
Start with an open mind. Trying new sex positions is all about exploring and having fun. Leave any self-consciousness or expectations at the door.
Communicate with your partner. Talk openly about your desires, fantasies, and boundaries. Get on the same page and make sure you’re both comfortable trying something new.
Start with the basics. If you’re new to trying new positions, begin with ones that are less physically demanding or require minimal flexibility. This allows you to ease into the experience and build confidence.
Take it step by step. When trying a new sex position, break it down into smaller movements and adjustments. Don’t rush into it, but rather, explore each change in position gradually. This will help you find your comfort level and make necessary adjustments along the way.
Incorporate props and accessories. Experiment with using pillows, cushions, or even sex toys to enhance and support certain positions. These additions can add a whole new dimension of pleasure and comfort.
Pay attention to communication during the act. As you try new positions, keep the lines of communication open with your partner. Use verbal cues, non-verbal signals, or a safe word to ensure you’re both enjoying the experience and can make adjustments if needed.
Reflect and disc